README.rst, before:

CKAN: The Open Source Data Portal Software
==========================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL-blue.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
    :target: http://docs.ckan.org
    :alt: Documentation
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-StackOverflow-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ckan
    :alt: Support on StackOverflow

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/ckan/ckan.svg?style=shield
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/ckan/ckan
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ckan/ckan/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/ckan/ckan?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage Status

**CKAN is the world’s leading open-source data portal platform**.
CKAN makes it easy to publish, share and work with data. It's a data management
system that provides a powerful platform for cataloging, storing and accessing
datasets with a rich front-end, full API (for both data and catalog), visualization
tools and more. Read more at `ckan.org <http://ckan.org/>`_.


Installation
------------

See the `CKAN Documentation <http://docs.ckan.org>`_ for installation instructions.


Support
-------

If you need help with CKAN or want to ask a question about CKAN, use either the
`ckan-discuss`_ mailing list or the `CKAN tag on Stack Overflow`_ (try
searching the Stack Overflow and ckan-discuss archives for an answer to your
question first).

If you've found a bug in CKAN, open a new issue on CKAN's `GitHub Issues`_ (try
searching first to see if there's already an issue for your bug).

If you find a potential security vulnerability please email security@ckan.org,
rather than creating a public issue on GitHub.


.. _CKAN tag on Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ckan
.. _ckan-discuss: http://lists.okfn.org/mailman/listinfo/ckan-discuss
.. _GitHub Issues: https://github.com/ckan/ckan/issues


Contributing to CKAN
--------------------

For contributing to CKAN or its documentation, see
`CONTRIBUTING <https://github.com/ckan/ckan/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.

If you want to talk about CKAN development say hi to the CKAN developers on the
`ckan-dev`_ mailing list or in the `#ckan`_ IRC channel on irc.freenode.net.

If you've figured out how to do something with CKAN and want to document it for
others, make a new page on the `CKAN wiki`_, and tell us about it on
`ckan-dev`_.

.. _ckan-dev: http://lists.okfn.org/mailman/listinfo/ckan-dev
.. _#ckan: http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ckan
.. _CKAN Wiki: https://github.com/ckan/ckan/wiki


Copying and License
-------------------

This material is copyright (c) 2006-2014 Open Knowledge Foundation.

It is open and licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL) v3.0
whose full text may be found at:

http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/agpl-3.0.html

Commit message:

Added stub notes on fork to README.

README.rst, after:

CKAN: The Open Source Data Portal Software
==========================================

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL-blue.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0
    :alt: License

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-latest-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
    :target: http://docs.ckan.org
    :alt: Documentation
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/support-StackOverflow-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat
    :target: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ckan
    :alt: Support on StackOverflow

.. image:: https://circleci.com/gh/ckan/ckan.svg?style=shield
    :target: https://circleci.com/gh/ckan/ckan
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/github/ckan/ckan/badge.svg?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/ckan/ckan?branch=master
    :alt: Coverage Status

**CKAN is the world’s leading open-source data portal platform**.
CKAN makes it easy to publish, share and work with data. It's a data management
system that provides a powerful platform for cataloging, storing and accessing
datasets with a rich front-end, full API (for both data and catalog), visualization
tools and more. Read more at `ckan.org <http://ckan.org/>`_.

Why This Fork?
--------------

The ``open-data/ckan`` fork exists because...

For full changelog of features specific to this fork, please see `CHANGELOG-FORK`_


.. _CHANGELOG-FORK: CHANGELOG-FORK.rst


Installation
------------

See the `CKAN Documentation <http://docs.ckan.org>`_ for installation instructions.


Support
-------

If you need help with CKAN or want to ask a question about CKAN, use either the
`ckan-discuss`_ mailing list or the `CKAN tag on Stack Overflow`_ (try
searching the Stack Overflow and ckan-discuss archives for an answer to your
question first).

If you've found a bug in CKAN, open a new issue on CKAN's `GitHub Issues`_ (try
searching first to see if there's already an issue for your bug).

If you find a potential security vulnerability please email security@ckan.org,
rather than creating a public issue on GitHub.


.. _CKAN tag on Stack Overflow: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/ckan
.. _ckan-discuss: http://lists.okfn.org/mailman/listinfo/ckan-discuss
.. _GitHub Issues: https://github.com/ckan/ckan/issues


Contributing to CKAN
--------------------

For contributing to CKAN or its documentation, see
`CONTRIBUTING <https://github.com/ckan/ckan/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst>`_.

If you want to talk about CKAN development say hi to the CKAN developers on the
`ckan-dev`_ mailing list or in the `#ckan`_ IRC channel on irc.freenode.net.

If you've figured out how to do something with CKAN and want to document it for
others, make a new page on the `CKAN wiki`_, and tell us about it on
`ckan-dev`_.

.. _ckan-dev: http://lists.okfn.org/mailman/listinfo/ckan-dev
.. _#ckan: http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=ckan
.. _CKAN Wiki: https://github.com/ckan/ckan/wiki


Copying and License
-------------------

This material is copyright (c) 2006-2014 Open Knowledge Foundation.

It is open and licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL) v3.0
whose full text may be found at:

http://www.fsf.org/licensing/licenses/agpl-3.0.html
